# Study

> Study is a completely on-calculator **flashcard and self-quiz suite** in TI-BASIC for the TI-84 Plus CE (it's untested on the TI-84 Plus C Silver Edition but may still work).

---

## INITSTDY
`INITSTDY` provides an interface in which you can enter three or more prompts and their corresponding answers. For example, if you are trying to learn Spanish vocabulary, you could make one of the prompts, say, "La invitación" and its corresponding answer "Invitation". Press `[enter]` after you finish inputting each prompt or answer. After you press `[enter]` following the final answer you want to input, set the following prompt to be a colon (`:`) and press `[enter]` again (this particular prompt will not be saved). You will then be asked whether you want to overwrite any existing study data, append to any existing study data, or discard your everything you just entered. Assuming you don't discard your work, the selected operation (overwrite or append) will be applied to `Str0`. Do not modify `Str0` in any way outside of the programs in the Study suite! If there is content in `Str0` other than what is generated by the programs in the Study suite, you must choose to overwrite, not append.

## STUDY
`STUDY` is the program in which you view and, well, study the content you entered into `INITSTDY`. The program will display a prompt in navy-colored text with three answer choices below in black-colored text, each with a corresponding orange-colored circle. One of the answer choices is correct; the other two are randomly chosen from the answers to other prompts. It is random whether the correct choice is first, second, or third. Use the up and down arrow keys to pick an answer choice and press `[enter]` to confirm your selection. At that point, the green-colored text "CORRECT" will appear if you are correct or the red-colored text "INCORRECT" if you are not. Press [enter] to continue to the next prompt or, if there are no more prompts, to exit the program. Additionally, pressing `[clear]` while on any prompt screen (not the permissions, error, or correct/incorrect screens) will exit the program immediately.

## INITDRAW
`INITDRAW` should not be run, modified, renamed, archived, unarchived, or deleted manually. It is automatically executed by `STUDY` to prepare the Graph Screen for the text and graphics `STUDY` displays. Only modify the Graph Screen manually (zoom, window, format, etc.) once `STUDY` has finished running.

---

Upon every launch, both `STUDY` and `INITSTDY` detail all potential variable operations and the specific variables on which they would be executed. No operations are performed until you accept the possibility of the specified changes on the permissions screen. When viewing said permissions screen, press `[enter]` to accept and continue using the program or `[on]` to exit the program immediately (before any changes are made).

I hope that the Study suite will be useful and would greatly appreciate any and all comments, suggestions, and/or bug reports (especially regarding usage on the TI-84 Plus C Silver Edition as I do not own one on which to test the Study suite myself)!
